bugfix: windows also need to support ngx_http_lua_ffi_worker_pids. (#2166)
openresty/lua-nginx-module: README.markdown

**context:** *set_by_lua&#42;, rewrite_by_lua&#42;, access_by_lua&#42;, content_by_lua&#42;, header_filter_by_lua&#42;, body_filter_by_lua&#42;, log_by_lua&#42;, ngx.timer.&#42;, exit_worker_by_lua&#42;*

> This function returns a Lua table for all Nginx worker process ID (PID). Nginx uses channel to send the current worker PID to another worker in the worker process start or restart. So this API can get all current worker PID. Windows does not have thsi API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns a Lua table for all Nginx worker process IDs (PIDs). Nginx uses channel to send the current worker PID to another worker in the worker process start or restart. So this API can get all current worker PIDs. Windows does not have this API.
```
